== Basic usage instructions

Fetch users' contact lists from your web application without asking them to
provide their passwords.

First, register[http://code.google.com/apis/accounts/docs/RegistrationForWebAppsAuto.html]
your application's domain. Then make users follow this URL:

  Contacts::Google.authentication_url('http://mysite.com/invite')

They will authenticate on Google and it will send them back to the URL
provided. Google will add a token GET parameter to the query part of the URL.
Use that token in the next step:

  gmail = Contacts::Google.new(params[:token])
  gmail.contacts
  # => [#<Contact 1>, #<Contact 2>, ...]

The resulting Contacts::Contact objects have `name` and `email` properties.

Read more in Contacts::Google. I plan to support more APIs (Microsoft Live, for
starters); feel free to contribute.

Author: <b>Mislav Marohnić</b> (mislav.marohnic@gmail.com)

== Installation

This fork of the contacts codebase is available as a gem, prefixed with 'mislav' to avoid conflicts with the original contacts gem. Do 
  gem install mislav_contacts
to install.

== Dependencies

Please note that you will need to install the json gem if you are not using this gem as part of a Rails project.

== Documentation auto-generated from specifications

Contacts::Google.authentication_url
- generates a URL for target with default parameters
- should handle boolean parameters
- skips parameters that have nil value
- should be able to exchange one-time for session token

Contacts::Google
- fetches contacts feed via HTTP GET
- handles a normal response body
- handles gzipped response
- raises a FetchingError when something goes awry
- parses the resulting feed into name/email pairs
- parses a complex feed into name/email pairs
- makes modification time available after parsing

Contacts::Google GET query parameter handling
- abstracts ugly parameters behind nicer ones
- should have implicit :descending with :order
- should have default :limit of 200
- should skip nil values in parameters
